feat: custom cache en-US version doc (#99)
vercel/swr-site: pages/docs/cache.en-US.md

# Custom Cache

> By default, SWR is using a global cache to store data sharing among all hooks. Besides that, there's a new way to customize your own cache provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, SWR uses a global cache to store and share data across all components. Now, there's a new way to customize it with your own cache provider.
```

> New property `cache` and a new API `createCache` are now introduced in `swr@beta`. This API is intended to resolve problem of using SWR with various, diverse storages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new `cache` configuration and `createCache`  API are now introduced in `swr@beta`. They're intended to solve problems of using SWR with more customized storages, and providing direct access to the cache.
```

## Create Custom Cache

### `createCache`

This API receive a underlay cache `provider` as argument. Returns an object, with `cache` instance that could be consumed by SWR hooks,
and `mutate` API to manipulate the corresponding cache. Note that it's not the global `mutate` API.

```js
const { mutate, cache } = createCache(provider)
```

You can pass down `cache` through SWRConfig or the `useSWR` hook options.

```jsx
import { SWRConfig, createCache } from 'swr'

const provider = new Map()

const { mutate, cache } = createCache(provider)

// pass to SWR context
<SWRConfig value={{ cache }}>
  <Page />
</SWRConfig>

// or pass to hook options
useSWR(key, fetcher, { cache })
```

> 

Reviewer: (TODO: add note that mentions `createCache` should not be called inside render, it should be a global singleton.)

### `provider`

The provider is used to let user manage cache values directly, and the interface should match the following definition:

```ts
interface Cache<Data = any> {
  get(key: Key): Data | null | undefined
  set(key: Key, value: Data): void
  delete(key: Key): void
}
```

Those methods are being used inside SWR to manage cache. Beyond SWR itself, now user can access the cached keys, values from `provider` directly.
For instance if the provider is a Map instance, you'll be able to access the used keys through provider by using `Map.prototype.keys()`.

> 

Reviewer: (TODO: add note that mentions that you shouldn't **write** to cache, you should always use `mutate`.)

```jsx
const { cache, mutate } = createCache(new Map());

export default function App() {
  return (
    <SWRConfig value={{ cache }}>
      <div className="App">
        <Section />
        <button onClick={() => mutate("A")}>revalidate A</button>
        <button onClick={() => mutate("B")}>revalidate B</button>
      </div>
    </SWRConfig>
  );
}
```

### Example

With the flexibilities of those atomic APIs, you can compose them with your custom logic, such as scheduling partial mutations.
In the below example, `partialMutate` can receive a glob pattern string as key, and be used to mutate the ones who matched this pattern.

```js
function partialMutate(k, data, shouldRevalidate = true) {
  const keys = [];
  if (k.endsWith("*")) {
    const prefix = k.replace("*", "");
    for (const key of provider.keys()) {
      if (!key.includes("@") && key.startsWith(prefix)) {
        keys.push(key);
      }
    }
  } else {
    keys.push(k);
  }
  const mutations = keys.map((k) => mutate(k, data, shouldRevalidate));
  return Promise.all(mutations);
}

partialMutate('key-*') // revalidate keys starting with key-

> partialMutate('*') // revalidate every used keys

Reviewer: Or we can use RegEx as the example here, instead of the `*` matcher.
